README.md, before:

# grunt-hash

Append a unique hash to the end of a filename for cache busting. For example:

examples/test1.js => examples/dist/test1.b93fd451.js

##Grunt 0.4

This task now depends on grunt 0.4.x. Please see the [grunt 0.3 to 0.4 migration guide][migration_guide] for more details.

If you are still using grunt 0.3, please install grunt-hash 0.1x

## Getting Started
Install this grunt plugin next to your project's [grunt.js gruntfile][getting_started] with: `npm install grunt-hash`

Then add this line to your project's `grunt.js` gruntfile:

```javascript
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-hash');
```

[grunt]: http://gruntjs.com/
[getting_started]: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/blob/master/docs/getting_started.md

## Documentation

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
	hash: {
		options: {
			mapping: 'examples/assets.json', //mapping file so your server can serve the right files
			srcBasePath: 'examples/', // the base Path you want to remove from the `key` string in the mapping file
			destBasePath: 'out/', // the base Path you want to remove from the `value` string in the mapping file
			flatten: false, // Set to true if you don't want to keep folder structure in the `key` value in the mapping file
			hashLength: 8, // hash length, the max value depends on your hash function
			hashFunction: function(source, encoding){ // default is md5
				return require('crypto').createHash('sha1').update(source, encoding).digest('hex');
			}
		},
        js: {
            src: 'examples/*.js',  //all your js that needs a hash appended to it
            dest: 'examples/dist/js/' //where the new files will be created
        },
        css: {
            src: 'examples/*.css',  //all your css that needs a hash appended to it
            dest: 'examples/dist/css/' //where the new files will be created
        }
	}
});
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-hash');
```

Configuration follow the multi-task standard configuration format: http://gruntjs.com/configuring-tasks


## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt][grunt].

## License
Copyright (c) 2012 Greg Allen  
Licensed under the MIT license.

[migration_guide]: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/wiki/Upgrading-from-0.3-to-0.4

Commit message:

Update README.md with information on path prefixes.

README.md, after:

# grunt-hash

Append a unique hash to the end of a filename for cache busting. For example:

examples/test1.js => examples/dist/test1.b93fd451.js

##Grunt 0.4

This task now depends on grunt 0.4.x. Please see the [grunt 0.3 to 0.4 migration guide][migration_guide] for more details.

If you are still using grunt 0.3, please install grunt-hash 0.1x

## Getting Started
Install this grunt plugin next to your project's [grunt.js gruntfile][getting_started] with: `npm install grunt-hash`

Then add this line to your project's `grunt.js` gruntfile:

```javascript
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-hash');
```

[grunt]: http://gruntjs.com/
[getting_started]: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/blob/master/docs/getting_started.md

## Documentation

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
	hash: {
		options: {
			mapping: 'examples/assets.json', //mapping file so your server can serve the right files
			srcBasePath: 'examples/', // the base Path you want to remove from the `key` string in the mapping file
			destBasePath: 'out/', // the base Path you want to remove from the `value` string in the mapping file
			srcPathPrefix: 'js-nonhashed/', // a prefix added to the `key` string in the mapping file
			destPathPrefix: 'js-hashed/', // a prefix added to the `value` string in the mapping file
			flatten: false, // Set to true if you don't want to keep folder structure in the `key` value in the mapping file
			hashLength: 8, // hash length, the max value depends on your hash function
			hashFunction: function(source, encoding){ // default is md5
				return require('crypto').createHash('sha1').update(source, encoding).digest('hex');
			}
		},
        js: {
            src: 'examples/*.js',  //all your js that needs a hash appended to it
            dest: 'examples/dist/js/' //where the new files will be created
        },
        css: {
            src: 'examples/*.css',  //all your css that needs a hash appended to it
            dest: 'examples/dist/css/' //where the new files will be created
        }
	}
});
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-hash');
```

Configuration follow the multi-task standard configuration format: http://gruntjs.com/configuring-tasks


## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt][grunt].

## License
Copyright (c) 2012 Greg Allen  
Licensed under the MIT license.

[migration_guide]: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/wiki/Upgrading-from-0.3-to-0.4
